SYCL: Add table of GNU Make config vars to docs (#3400)
AMReX-Codes/amrex: Docs/sphinx_documentation/source/GPU.rst

   |                              |                                                 |             | AutoLarge       |
   +------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------------+
   | AMREX_INTEL_ARCH             | Specify target if AOT is enabled                | None        | pvc, etc.       |
   +------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------------+
   | SYCL_SPLIT_KERNEL            | Enable SYCL kernel splitting                    | FALSE       | TRUE, FALSE     |
   +------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------------+
   | USE_ONEDPL                   | Enable SYCL's oneDPL algorithms                 | NO          | YES, NO         |
   +------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------------+
   | SYCL_SUB_GROUP_SIZE          | Specify subgroup size                           | 32          | 64, 32, 16      |
   +------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------------+

>    | SYCL_MAX_PARALLEL_LINK_JOBS  | Number of parallel AOT device compilations      | 1           | 1, 2, 3, etc.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | SYCL_MAX_PARALLEL_LINK_JOBS  | Number of parallel jobs in device link          | 1           | 1, 2, 3, etc.   |
```
